Tableau Public Link to View Visuals
https://public.tableau.com/views/CitibikeVisualsandDashboard/GrowthConsiderations?:embed=y&:display_count=yes&publish=yes&:origin=viz_share_link

Expansion Considerations – Beyond the Story
Although males significantly outnumber females in terms of total trips from June through August 2019 (about 75% to 25%) in Jersey City, the green zones on the map with ample surface streets as well as residential and commercial space may be ripe for low hanging fruit. Three areas seem to bubble to the top (pun intended) for expansion both from a company standpoint and from a city perspective: (1) the green zip codes to the west of popular stations all the way to the Sip Ave. Station (with Journal Square north and McGinley Square south marking endpoints),  (2) the green zip codes slightly north of the popular stations, and (3) the untapped streets contained within the “box” of high usage stations. 
Although the data layer mapping from Tableau utilizes 2016 data and our study leverages the last three months of 2019, eyeballing some layers by zip code highlighted some correlations. Most of the popular stations are in (1) a proximity near Manhattan, (2) where per capita income is higher, and (3) the households are smaller. Additionally, the area slightly to the north of the box of popular stations where no stations exist has a different mix in terms of owner-occupied residences which may need to be further hashed out for marketing, understanding needs, concerns, etc. for a successful foray.
In keeping with the theme which has been effective in terms of gender mix as well as proximity to existing successful stations, further study into blanketing the popular station box as well geographically filling in the voids to the north and the west seem like logical alternatives in a next phase of this project. 


Age Phenomenon Dashboard
Unexpectedly, the #1 sweet spot for members using Citi Bike both in the number of total trips and average length/duration per trip are folks who are around fifty years young. Even more surprising is that people around the age of seventy rank #2 in terms of trip duration. Seventeen-year-old teenagers ranked #3 in terms of trip duration and that could be related to the price of other transportation, summer fun, etc. but those reasons warrant further investigation. We eliminated outliers for potentially fudged responses where members older than eighty were registering trips.
In terms of total trips behind fifty-year-old men and women, those in their early thirties ranked #2 and a larger group encompassing mid-twenties to late thirties ranked #3.
Both age and gender should be evaluated further to see what is working and where further opportunities lie in terms of expansion and serving the community.  
